you know you don't have to act with me
Steve you don't have to say anything and
you don't have to do anything not a
thing oh maybe just whistle
I'm no good of course but I have my
points if a man could stand the strain
it might be worth it if you had the time
he'd find the time he wasn't a fool
you can go home now you job is finished
I leave it to you to sell out or no I
can trust myself never trust you
I intend to complete the mission myself
why should anyone want to shoot at you I
told you I'm not a good person to know
what kind of a man are you are you going
to do I've been beaten suddent between I
failed my mission I've had enough but
that child was murdered
and for this somebody is going to be
you